hello how about friends a greeting ya know
Welcome to a simple and practical
tutorial video well we continue with
windows 8 today the video tutorial that you
I bring next we are going to create is
a shortcut to the administrator
tasks well probably many of
you who work with windows are
the computer or a computer has been
program that they have opened has been
got caught
and the first thing they do is turn off the
computer and you already know it
we expel control when suppressing and we're going
to the task manager we chose
task manager then to show
below as how would music
keys we would have to press to
manage of task but what are we going to
do let's do a shortcut
here on the desk for the case of
that for whatever reason a program is
we block having to click on one that is
direct access to the administrator
tasks without having to press any of
the keys well the keys that we have
what to press for
take us to the task manager would be
control alt and suppress control to and
suppress and it will take us to a
blue screen in which in the
windows 8 we have to block for
change the user to log out
change a password and administrator
of tasks well then then we would do
task manager and will open us
this task management window
well then this video tutorial that I'm going to
do next we are going to create this
access to the task manager in the
desk
I'm going to close it and for that we're going to
continue with the institute and first thing
what are we going to do anywhere
right new mouse desk and
direct access
it's not going to be the window of creating a
shortcut and here in this
rectangular that we have the one that puts
write the location of the item what
let's do let's write the
next command
but it will show next well
let's copy this mouse command
right we copy in the description of
video I'll leave it
right mouse and we paste all that here what
let's give next we give you a click and
here we are going to put administrator of
chores
come we put this name you can
put what they want but good to know
that is shortcuts of this is
better to put task manager and you
we're going to finish well , we'll see
that here has already created us an icon like
a kind of computer with the symbol
of computer administrator then
this icon what we're going to do we're going
to drag we will take it to the bar
Windows tasks and we'll leave it there
we can remove this direct access
and we will have it here well in the case of
that for whatever reason it is
blocked a program simply you
we click and open it right here in
this window we see that we have in the
applications that we have open in
this moment and in this case if by
example outside the mozilla firefox what
it has stuck simply
right mouse and we give you finish task
and automatically disappears from the
applications that are running
who says in mozilla firefox any
another program well in the administrator
of tasks we have here the processes that
are working in the background is very
different to windows 7 to windows xp
here comes a lot more more detailed
we see that we have here good
percentage of the cpu the memory that is
using each program
the percentage of disk that is occupying
megas and the network here we have in process
of background they are working on
that moment we keep giving it down
We have all the programs and
Applications
and windows processes that are
working at this time administrator
of windows here the percentage and the
megas that are using well if
we follow the performance we have here
a few squares that will mark us the
performance depending on the programs
that we go working because we will go
checking
in memory exactly the same today
we open some program we will upload the
memory process the disk the
disk execution
we follow the application history
here we have all the applications the
time they have been running in
our computer updates
well we have everything here very complete if
we are going to start here we have the
programs is very important
these startup programs are the
programs that when we started in
our computer are the ones that
run if they are fixed in this case I have
all enabled except one here
that so you do not get mexico for you
make it faster at the start of the
windows we would give him the right mouse
about the program that we have and we give it
disable then what do you mean
with this that will no longer start when
we started our pc this program
new will not start with the start
so if we have all the programs
enabled will slow us down the
start windows well here we have
the users in this case is me if
we move the bar we see the tasks
that are running or that I am
using at this time
here in the details and services in
principle are the processes if we have
some process or a program is
working more than the account we are going to
notice here in the memory and in the cpu
let's try so that some in this
case this then what we would do
we would give him the right mouse and
we would finish the process
or go to the detail or open the location if
we see we distrust a file by the
whatever it is because we are going to open the
location and we can look for the
online information search online
then we would go to the internet and we will
warn about that process if it can be
harmful or can not be harmful and
a lot of things I will not be able to
explain it to no conditions because no
I'm a computer technician, not a lot
less simply I have tried many
of them some of those that tested
finish the process and I have been put
the screen in the black color
I had to restart the computer
Then I know that I will not go back
to play the most and he comes learning
it is working entanglement that
it spoils the computer we install ourselves
new to windows we install programs
this is how you learn by working and
working and many hours in front of the
computer
well nothing more friends I hope it is
of help
greetings to the next video chao